Both.
What else do you say now?
It's impossible. It's impossible.
You must not be a cowboy.
He couldn't have such good skills.
I lost. I lost.
Conquer defeat
Thank you, Mr. Qin, for your mercy.
Spare my life, you piece of shit, you're here to talk.
Blaming you is useless.
spoiling the big taboo of underpay
If you don't quit
I want you to be a teacher.
From there, tea poured a thousand horse chase.
Just find out the true meaning of your sword.
What are you doing?
Who told you to get down on your knees?
Now, make your posture flammable.
Hot temper
Let's go back and study the song today.
Come back in three years.
It's Mr. Jinzun's church.
This dinosaur just returned it to me.
Come back here.
Two high and low.
The defeat was divided.
The Road Wages are lacking
You can't lose.
Don't be excessive.
Even if you know these two.
Also a homeless dog with no power.
That's not what you just said.
Why can't you eat?
Qin Xiao
How about you win?
The young master does not respect the Single Japanese, what can you do to me?
Mori, you are in every way provocative.
Fighting everywhere.
Do you really think that the food in the East Sea can be unfathomable?
What is the good point of Tran Tinh Tan Xiao?
You couldn't fight me five times in a row.
Maybe give me white bones.
The illusion deceives me all
Bay Liang, tell me clearly.
Who grew up pretending to be White
Dead with a hard mouth.
When I warned Prince White, you didn't run.
Run, this idiot is crazy.
Psychiatric patients
Hello friend, you dare to hit me in public
Get everyone here.
Let's make them vulgar today.
Let's see who dares to move.